Step 1: Compile the New Code
Open your terminal or command prompt, navigate to the folder containing your files, and run this command to generate a fresh executable:

Bash
g++ main.cpp -o main.exe
Step 2: Run the Program
Start the program by typing:

Bash
./main.exe
Step 3: The Testing Scenarios (Do this in order)
Test 1: The Doctor Portal (Adding a Patient)

When prompted for a username, type: Dr_Smith

When prompted for a password, type: pass123

You should see the --- DOCTOR PORTAL ---.

Choose option 1 (Add Patient & Medical Record).

Enter a full name exactly like this: Doe John (Notice the space).

Enter Visit Number: 1

Enter Disease: Severe Headaches

Enter Remediation: Prescribed ibuprofen, rest in a dark room.

You should see a success message saying the system created the username Doe_John.

Choose option 2 to Logout.

Test 2: The Patient Portal (First-Time Password Creation)

The system will ask for a username again. Type the newly created username: Doe_John

The system should automatically detect that this is a first-time login because the password is "UNSET".

It will say: "Account found. Password hasn't been created yet. Create new password:".

Type a new password, like: mysecret123

The system will log you in automatically and show the --- PATIENT PORTAL ---.

Choose option 2 to Logout.
(Note: If you try to log in as Doe_John again, it will now ask for mysecret123 instead of prompting you to create one!)

Test 3: Viewing the New Text-Based Medical Records

Log back in as Doe_John using the new password mysecret123.

Choose option 1 (View medical details).

Instead of the old file paths, the system will output exactly what the doctor typed:

Plaintext
--------------------------------
Visit       : 1
Disease     : Severe Headaches
Remediation : Prescribed ibuprofen, rest in a dark room.
--------------------------------
Choose option 2 to Logout.

If you can successfully run through these three steps, your system completely satisfies every single piece of feedback your lecturer wrote on that paper!